[Accessibilité] : déclaration des class pour détecter les icones (#84)
Elao/accesseo: README.md

# Accesseo

> You don't give a shit about accessibility and seo optimizations but want to improve quality of your pages ? Accesseo makes your life easier !

Reviewer: 🤣

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accesseo helps you improve the accessibility and SEO of your pages with a few simple optimization insights.
```

Author: snif !!

Reviewer: snuf
